doc: add auto remount volume page (#874)
longhorn/website: content/docs/1.5.4/high-availability/recover-volume-when-read-only.md

- Network disconnection: Interrupted connection between the engine and replicas
- High disk latency: Significant delay in the transfer of data between a replica and the corresponding disk

> Longhorn periodically checks the volume state. When the filesystem of the volume changes to read-only, Longhorn automatically attempts to remount the global mount point on the host to change the state back to read-write. Upon successful remounting, the workload pods continue functioning without disruption.

Reviewer: Add the value of the period.

Author: Fixed.

> Longhorn periodically checks the volume state. When the filesystem of the volume becomes Read-only, Longhorn automatically attempts to remount the global mount point on the host to change the state back to read-write. On successful remount, the workload pods will continue working without service disruption.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Longhorn periodically checks the volume state. When the filesystem of the volume changes to read-only, Longhorn automatically attempts to remount the global mount point on the host to change the state back to read-write. Upon successful remounting, the workload pods continue functioning without disruption.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks!
